Over the past few years and my last work term, I have noticed sometimes I become intimidated by
authority figures. As a result, my opinion is not always heard and ideas communicated. This
is something I wish to improve during my current work term. Otherwise, one of my strengths would 
be that I always make sure I thoroughly understand a task before I work on it. From my previous 
work term at Canadian Tire Innovations, I worked in the position of the User Experience Designer.
My major role was to create mock-ups and develop GUIs for the web applications we were building.
The role offered a lot of freedom and creativity however, I was 


Also, I
am strongly motivated by the work which is assigned to me. I believe one of my strengths is that
I am always seeking for new opportunities and alsways looking for new tasks to accomplish to
optimize my time spent at work. As a result, I always look for little details to improve a 
project I'm working on after I have finished the majority of the work. Based on these aspects, 
I feel that I don't usually have trouble meeting deadlines and am a trustworthy person overall. 
When it comes to enthusiasm, I am strongly influenced by the working environment. As I worked in 
an open and highly collaborative environment during my previous co-op term, I find it extrememly
important to be surrounded by positive people and to develop positive relationships. The friendly
environment provided a more relaxed and casual atmosphere making it more comfortable and resulting
in more productivity. Right now, I am working at a large corporate company which feels much more
professional. Although, this allows for experience in a different environment, there is less work
and the atmosphere is rather tense, making the overall experience less enjoyable. This however
allowed me to show more initiative as I am constantly asking for more work and looking for more 
ways to occupy my time, such as learning some new languages and further exploring the company
interests. By comparing these two different experiences, I can conclude that the environment 
and people are a major factor supporting my enthusiam and initiative to work.